Texto transcrito:
She was more like a beauty queen from a movie scene. I sure don't mind, but what do you mean I am the one?
That could dance on the floor and around. She said I am the one who would dance on the floor in the round.
She told me her name was Billie Jean and she calls to sing. Then heavy hair turned with the ice that
dreamed of being the one who would dance on the floor and around. People always told me be careful what
you do, I don't go around breaking young girls sides. And Mother always told me a big Gavik who you love
and being gathered was a Jew. I couldn't lie. Become the jeweler. Hey, the bill of genius. That's my love.
She's a girl who claims that I am the one. But the jet is not my son. She says I am the one.
But the kid is not my son. No, no. For 40 days and before the night I was on the side. But who can stand
when she's in the man? Her schemes and blends come and dance on the floor and around. So take my strong
advice, Just remember to always think twice. Don't think twice that, she told my baby. We danced at 3:00
and she looked at me. Didn't show the photo. My baby cried. His eyes would like mine. Go and dance on the
floor in the round, babe. A People always told me be careful what to do. Don't go around bringing young
girls hearts. I thought she came and stood right by me. I just smell as free perfume. Affairs happened by
the soon as she garment to her room. Hey, the Billie Jean is not my lover. Just a girl who claims that
I am A1. But the kid is not my son. Billie Jean Not my love. She's a girl who claims that I'm the one.
But the kid is not my son. No, no, she says. I am the one. But the kid is not my son. No. Chick. Chick.
Chick chick. But the jet is not my son. The bill of jeans. Not my love. She's just a girl who claims that
I am the one. But the cat is not my son. No, no, no. No, no, no, babe. Whoa. You know what you did?
Breaking my mind, babe. The Billie Jean That my love. The Billie Jean That my love. The Billie Jean that's
my love. The Billie Jean is Don't call me Billie Jean. Asylum best to sing. A. 